Sis, I have clothes.
Buy it for me by the way.
That won't work.
You bought me such a beautiful diamond.
I have to buy you some nice clothes too
Yes, this is the supreme black card of our store.
Enjoy a 10% discount when shopping in our store.
Try it on.
Hey
You are me
Dongfang Run
Don't forget that three years ago you said you would marry me
Are you sick?
What's the matter, it's okay, I just ran into a lunatic
Let's go. Mmm.
Hey boy
Auntie what's wrong
I'm your neighbor downstairs.
Look at your couple's love
How enviable!
Yeah, boys. So how did you meet?
We met on a blind date.
Ouch girl
How long have you been married?
We just got married a month ago
Hey, flash marriage
It's fate that the relationship is so good
Auntie, you can dance first.
Let's go first, hey, okay
Nice dance, come on